clustermesh: enable policy-default-local-cluster by default (#40609)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/clustermesh/policy.rst

            io.cilium.k8s.policy.cluster: cluster2

> Policies are automatically selecting endpoints from the local cluster unless one

Reviewer: Nit.

```suggestion
Policies automatically select endpoints from the local cluster only, unless one
```
